Add section about office hours to TP page (#4998)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/contributing/translation-program/index.md

Thank you for your participation in the ethereum.org Translation Program!

**Office hours for translators**

> We will be holding office hours for translators on the second Wednesday of every month. These will be held in the #office-hours voice channel on our Discord, where you can also find the exact times and additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have office hours for translators on the second Wednesday of every month. These are held in the #office-hours voice channel on the [ethereum.org Discord](https://discord.gg/geKhWjtF), where you can also find the exact times and additional details.
```

> The purpose of the office hours is to allow our translators to ask questions about the translation process, provide feedback on the program, share their ideas, or just have a chat with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of office hours is to allow our translators to ask questions about the translation process, provide feedback on the program, share their ideas, or just have a chat with us.
```

> Participants can also learn more about the translation program, and get some information on how to become an ethereum.org translator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Participants can also learn more about the translation program and get some information on becoming an ethereum.org translator.
```

> Finally, we want to use these calls to communicate recent developments in connection with the translation program, and share key tips and instructions with our contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we want to use these calls to communicate recent developments with the translation program and share key tips and instructions with our contributors.
```

> If you are an ethereum.org translator, or would like to become one, feel free to join us during one of these sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an ethereum.org translator or would like to become one, feel free to join us during one of these sessions.
```
